(Docs+) Flush out Resource+Task troubleshooting (#111773)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/tab-widgets/cpu-usage.asciidoc

// tag::cloud[]
* (Recommended) Enabling {cloud}/ec-monitoring-setup.html[Logs and Metrics]. Data will then
report under {kib}'s {kibana-ref}/xpack-monitoring.html[Stack Monitoring]. We
recommend enabling its {kibana-ref}/kibana-alerts.html[CPU Usage Threshold Alert]
to be proactively notified about potential issues.

> * From your deployment menu, clicking into
> {cloud}/ec-saas-metrics-accessing.html[**Performance**]. This page's **CPU
> Usage** chart shows your deployment's CPU usage as a percentage. The page's
> **CPU credits** chart shows your remaining CPU credits, measured in seconds of
> CPU time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From your deployment menu, view the {cloud}/ec-saas-metrics-accessing.html[**Performance**] page. On this page, you can view two key metrics:
** **CPU
usage**: Your deployment's CPU usage, represented as a percentage.
** **CPU credits**: Your remaining CPU credits, measured in seconds of
CPU time.
```

{ess} grants {cloud}/ec-vcpu-boost-instance.html[CPU credits] per deployment
to provide smaller clusters with performance boosts when needed. High CPU
usage can deplete these credits which may lead to symptoms like:

* {cloud}/ec-scenario_why_is_performance_degrading_over_time.html[Why is
performance degrading over time?].

* {cloud}/ec-scenario_why_are_my_cluster_response_times_suddenly_so_much_worse.html[Why
are my cluster response times suddenly so much worse?]
// end::cloud[]

// tag::self-managed[]

> * Enabling <<monitoring-overview,{es} Monitoring>>. Data will then
> report under {kib}'s {kibana-ref}/xpack-monitoring.html[Stack Monitoring]. We
> recommend enabling its {kibana-ref}/kibana-alerts.html[CPU Usage Threshold Alert]
> to be proactively notified about potential issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable <<monitoring-overview,{es} monitoring>>. When logs and metrics are enabled, monitoring information is visible on {kib}'s {kibana-ref}/xpack-monitoring.html[Stack Monitoring] page.
+
You can also enable the {kibana-ref}/kibana-alerts.html[CPU usage threshold alert] to be notified about potential issues through email.
```
